Patrick Luck and you would have to victory
the first think what has happened
in the second has changed everything
yes but I think we have exactly how
in 100 shoot we stay on the ball
The feeling is quite nervous he
actually had to come exactly that
made what we wanted to do
we have a certain heaviness
started and after that we have that
easy and wants the football happens and
After that we were a bit unsure
and then we caught ourselves in it
says gas given
the good more at home and plays from 19
clock are still even the 3 1 shoots and
can be feted beautiful
yes that's it's like I said this is
then feel good where you get the knock three times
I look at the gate in 90 minutes
take the positive and thanks to this
time the normal nice
congratulations to the victory
which was second different from first
halftime struggled early
i think i have it in the beginning
really well done we have ours
had pulled a couple of game
possibilities and then we go as
unhappy
in residue but then I have in the
210 of course, still in the first as
a bit unsettled in the 19 but
they have a lot of stretch over long distances
played well and then at the end
put it for the course
what you, the trainer with her
give so that we continue playing brave
should and that 1 0 we have it
Last time the players we have that
single given away now we were the
that had turned and that was important
we just had the courage to us
play and that has shown again and
wifo is always such a goal again 3 1
to win
the home I think we do not care if it
a derby is or generally normal
game today was definitely yes
important because we last week old the
the english week is good now
have survived and now yes I say
times seven points took last three
play and very well done beside the
Positive the next weeks with and
thank you very much
to today always with the red
radiate in the year
Great game of the second beautiful goal
made
yes, I think a bit of luck belongs
to that all on marcel
I focus on his corner
that we are our most dangerous man
want to take out
he gave me the free space
and then the strongest
good
a little bit of luck that there is something behind
was running so it was everything to me
wurscht some combatants has
a bit respectful at the beginning
cottbus that want to play so many
did not go that well as that went
second a bit better
yes I think that we are in the
have made some time ago
that we did not want to lose here like that
a little courage of despair sat
said a lot but it just was not
had a lot to lose and that's why
because could play forward courageously
and then rewarded in the end
been
you have the right one for the end
guys want to play longer that has
a fun but words like one
team so in and second
half
yes I think you have noticed that so
none of us wanted to lose here and
after the 1 1 still has the feeling
that there is no draw here
want and can also be said after the 2 1
that we are not just defending it now
but also if possible
the third refill what we then in the
last weeks have missed and been
a good mood and space and how
we are all happy that the week
is over but also won before
just then take the positive in the
next week thank you very much now
finally from the beginning at home
then also plays against the old one
society
Thun plays well and for the game
not so much more fear
you already have a bit I mean that
a special game for me
I think so already
said cottbus in dresden are games
because I'm so ex-club because of me
are and he prepares himself or herself
it motivates a little more than
is not supposed to be the case
Of course, every game you can do yourself
but would have to prepare one
special game for me if the
I enjoy and of course you have one
one prepares oneself in such plays and
momentary spot more pieces
if you play against the ex or
against ex colleagues partly and yes there
I was already looking forward to it and
I think that we are really good game
have come and maybe would have
you have to do this before
not succeeded 10 back but this time
not only 90 minutes but in the 15th
and 20 degrees still okay that one then
a little something can correct
that was our half time and made
I think the second one has seen
that we countered a bit
good luck with that with the pale
niklas really good holds yes and then
Do you meet such a game and was for me?
It was important for the team or
important that we do the 3 1 that we do
close the bag and I'm glad that
they hit me hit before
I'm proud of the team
you will also have one with you
nervousness noticed at the end so well
clean a even in the shot
submitted
I believe in the last home game last
year he did not go in today but not quite
I'm a little glad that it is
then for yourself then too
it is going on well
yes I mean, of course, you play
does not have the practice in the game
Sovereignty if you want to be if you are
not always plays but the shot
I did not want to go in with intention
We would be the cottbuser I would have
probably then banned in cottbus
aside I was shooting the long corner
drag in the area and that the
I'm not happening I'm not
Striker I 'm defense of that
that would be me too i believe my old ones
Days do not even learn great from
so I'm glad we won
to have
that was a really good one
have brought team performance only
That's the way things are going so well
ok thanks so much the whole
positive we will inform you with guys and
then next seen for me
thanks to the temptation